# 👋 Hi, I’m Ahmmad Musha

I completed my Bachelor of Science in **Electrical and Electronic Engineering** from *Pabna University of Science and Technology*, Bangladesh, in 2022 with a CGPA of 3.72/4.00. Currently, I am working as a **Research Engineer** (R&D) at MetroScientific, Bangladesh. In this role, I develop algorithms and a functional data analysis tool to estimate the mean behavior from a set of semiconductor devices using **MATLAB** and **Python**. I also conduct modeling and simulation of AlGaN/GaN multi-finger HEMTs, focusing on self-heating effects and geometry-based optimization algorithms using COMSOL Multiphysics with MATLAB LiveLink to design thermally efficient device structures. My long-term goal is to integrate neural network and deep learning technologies with semiconductor device modeling to uncover patterns and address critical challenges in the field.

In addition to my work at MetroScientific, I serve as a part-time **Research Assistant** in the `Computer Laboratory for Applied Machine-Learning (CLAM)` research group, led by Dr. Tonmoy Ghosh at the *University of Alabama*. Through this role, I have gained a strong foundation in the **mathematical principles of machine learning and deep learning**, applying them to image classification and segmentation tasks. This research has resulted in two journal publications and two IEEE conference papers focused on developing computer-aided algorithms for detecting gastrointestinal diseases using capsule endoscopy images. More recently, I have conducted research on *A Hybrid GAN and CNN Approach for Robust Bleeding Detection in Capsule Endoscopy"*, which is currently under review for journal submission.

Outside of my professional and research work, I enjoy traveling and planting trees. So far, I have planted 170 trees, and I aim to plant 10,000 trees over my lifetime.

For more details, visit my [website](https://www.musha.xyz)
